hey everybody um I am trying a drink
thing that I got and take a look at this
every time I pass it and I thought i
would pick it up now um this is
basically from the picture alone you can
tell it's the Phantom that's soup that
they make with red beans and it should
be sweet yep usually Oh see there's the
picture on the back where they have
mochi in it that's easily well it's
actually the not the mochi you're
thinking up buddy you know like the
patty supposed to be hot well this came
cold out of vending machine so I'm
assuming you just go ahead and drink it
cold we'll find out I'm gonna crack it
open and then we're both gonna give it a
test drive so let's see now just a quick
note before we go any further this drink
was found in the same section as the
corn soup now I've never had the corn
soup before but I'm sure it's probably
good if you're expecting soup for McCann
okay so I'm gonna have to smell smells
just like red beans they have a very
distinct smell and taste it's something
that not everyone likes that I like it
so I'll see other key um let's try
it's actually pretty good as you can see
from kind of like the lip it's a like
reddish touch the odds of cute color the
color um very good so now i'm going to
hand it over to rust and he's gonna take
shape okay okay ready now yep here we go
yeah joey said that I review oh you want
to review well they actually make a
popsicle just like this one to hear that
move a minute um yes delicious it's a
red bean soup delicious I love it it's
sweet so that's something to keep in
mind it it is me and it's not fun house
before you would know uh so yeah if you
get chance try it very good even cool
it's very good i thought that it might
be weird because it was cold no they
stewart hot last time I had it it was
cold oh maybe the one you have is hot
really where do you have it
might have been the ball up it was a
very small amount and it was very cool
nervousness so maybe the Civic both ways
either way give it a shot